I have oily skin and I like this foundation.
This is my first purchase of this new foundation and I really love it. 
It is so tough for me to find a foundation that I enjoy. 
I have tried SO many, and now, this one takes the cake.
I love the texture and the coverage SO much. 
it's one of the best flat irons I've ever owned.. 
I love these! Whenever I am heading out to any event that required me to look polished, I reach for these. 
Really, no other straighteners compare to these. 
I read many of the Sephora reviews and watched review blogs about this flatiron and decided to take a chance. Best thing I ever did. 
Yes, it is a little more expensive than others, but the amount of time you will save is worth it and it gets sooo hot so quickly.
I bought this in college when I was 20---9 years ago! IT STILL WORKS!
Really awesome, love it.
I love this straightener! 
It gets my hair super straight!
 I would buy this by the barrel if it was possible!
 Works and smells like a dream!!!
I also love that it's 2" because it straightens my hair pretty quick.
Why is the best thing in the world have to be so expensive?
One of the first ever "highlight pens" out there, if not THE first. 
This is the one others try to copy, or make better, but to me, this is the one and only. 
This wonderful product changed my mind!
Great after a long day, before a night out, or even as a finishing touch to clean up wandering eyeshadow in the morning after I apply my "face" Awesome stuff
Great undereye concealer/highlighter to have in your drawer. 
My favorite holy grail NARS product.
It took me several years to finally decide to purchase a multiple thinking it was expensive and always use nars powder blushes because of my oily skin, but I really like this cream blush! 
I love this face cream, my face feels so nice/soft after using it. It smells great too!
My new must have, I am loving this new face cream, thank you Fresh! 
It is the best foundation I've used in years and I adore it.
I'm a 37 year old who likes to drink and sometimes smoke but this makes my skin look like its 10 years younger. 
Totally recommend!
this turned out to be amazing!
Ladies don't think twice even if you're oily you need this in your life.
Wish I had tried it earlier. 
Holy grail product for me.
This foundation is the best I have found for dry skin. 
I have finally found my holy grail foundation.
I purchased this foundation at the Powell Street location and immediately fell in love...but it was never online until recently, so now I can shout my love from the rooftops.
I've been wearing this foundation for about 8 years. 
I'm happy that it's available at Sephora and I can skip the trip to Armani.
Best Foundation look no further. 
This is the best foundation EVER!!!! 
Leaves my face looking perfect!! 
Everyone always says how flawless my face looks when I'm wearing this! 
 I recommend you try this!
 I splurged on this foundation because I'd heard such wonderful things about it. 
I've been wearing this for 2 years and everything I try something to I always go back to this beauty!
The most luxurious worth the money, and it stays on all day without having to touch up.
 Highly recommended and well worth the price.
Overall though, this is an amazing foundation.
This foundation is a great splurge item. 
It is not my everyday foundation, but every time I wear it, everyone compliments the way I look. 
I have to say, it's the best foundation I've ever used, and I've used many. 
I never had a problem with breakouts like some of the other people have said.  
It's perfection and I would totally repurchase
LOVE
My girlfriend recommended this to me as i like having a light/sheer glow look.I apply it to my face with a beauty blender and the results are amazing. 
However,sometimes i need more coverage and this baby glow is absolutly perfect for this.
I would recommend this to anyone who is looking for a natural but a light glow for their complexion.
The coverage is pretty light and It adds a nice sheen to your face. 
The best eyebrow pencil ever.
 I alwways needed a long time for eyebrow but with this, it became super quick and the best part is it lasts until late night as i draw in the morning.
Flawless product! Staple in my makeup bag.
I'm completely in love with this brow pencil.
I use this everyday, first one I bought so far I like it better than the pomade it gives your brows a natural look, 
I honestly would buy this product over and over again it's worth what you're paying for around 20 something dollars.
I tried other brow kits but they never looked or lasted as long as Anastasia's! 
I love this product! 
I like to wear bright lip colors, but in my everyday makeup for work the maintenance of a bold lipstick is too much.
I love Dior Addict Lip Glow, I recommend it 100%. 
I personally have also bought Sephora's version of this called Color Reveal Lip Balm. 
I thought that it couldn't get any better than the Lasting Silk foundation, but the Luminous Silk is my new everyday foundation.
I use primer and HD powder as a finish (idk if you can get by without using powder if your skin is oily because I haven't tried it) and the look is natural and not excessively matte. 
t lasts for a good 6-8 hours. 
I really like this stuff because it doesn't showcase my larger pores and fine lines yet doesn't look like a mask at all.
If you're looking for a natural finish (only better), order this foundation! I wish I'd tried this gem sooner.
Absolutely love!
Not over glossed! 
I am on on my second tube and this stuff is amazing. 
 I always carry one with me and especially when I travel.
Very impressed with this gloss, as soon as I got it my mom stole it and has been wearing it daily. 
It's the one that I've been seeking all the time. 
I wasn't sure what to expect when I ordered this lip product. 
This is my first Dior purchase. 
I LOVE this product. 
It's so unique. 
 I will be repurchasing this item forever. 
Also as a bonus, the packaging is beautiful and makes me feel a little fancy using it. 
Already have used 3 of it. 
This lip color/balm is fantastic - best ever. 
 I have the lip color from when I was a little girl back again. 
 Love it. 
Favorite lipstick ever! 
If you are looking for an every day lip, this is it!!!! 
Perfect for that natural look! 
I am addicted!
I was intrigued by this lip glow. 
Overall love it and would buy again - the first day I wore it everyone thought I was glowing and couldn't tell why. Those are my favorite beauty products!
Amazing
This lip balm is amazing, ladies! 
It's a must have! 
Perfect for those "no makeup" days.
 I even wear it at home to entice my hubby.
It's definitely one of the best everyday lipstick.
It's a girl thing ;-)
This is one of my favorite lip products ever! 
I don't k how anyone could give this less than 5 stars. 
Seriously I adore this stuff! 
I love the packaging too. 
Really different which is always a plus with me. 
Amazing. 
Simply amazing. 
And totally worth the money. 
Buy it!
I love this natural toner! 
It feels so amazing on my skin and it smells so good! 
Like a previous reviewer mentioned, I can't live without this toner either.
I cannot remember what life was like before I started using Rose Marigold Floral Water by Fresh.
I have been using the Rose Marigold Water as a toner in the am only and I am so happy I decided to try this.
I love this. 
 This toner is great! 
It's a must have!
Fresh makes amazing products that are gentle but effective and this toner is no different. 
Could not be happier
Every time I try one of their products I love it. 
 Great option for a toner/refresher.
 I want to venture into their skin care.
This is probably the best toner I have ever used. 
Awesome toner made with rose water! 
, I am willing to bet it will be by my side all summer long!
 love Fresh brand. this product is light and refreshing. 
 it's definitely worth trying :)
 Love this! 
Really love this one。
I use this a couple of times throughout the day JUST BECAUSE it is AMAZIN I cannot imagine a day without it. 
I am on my third bottle already. (P.S. It smells nice too!!)
It smells great!
I LOVE IT VERY MUCH!
Wonderful. 
Very good one. 
Exactly what I was looking for in rose water/toner.
I am a big fan of Fresh's products including this Rose Floral Toner. 
Love this product!
This product is perfect! 
Best Product Ever! 
I will buy again when i run out!
 Highly recommend!
  I will 100% repurchase this product.
Love it.
This lotion leaves my skin so smooth and smells fantastic!
I recommend to anyone, but especially those who love the Amazing Grace.
This smells amazing!!! 
I have not tried one AG product that I did not love.
Will definitely be ordering another one for myself.
This smells amazing!!!
Plz keep this product to be top of the line "philosophy" skin care body brand continue.
I received this as a gift and this is an absolute must have! 
Love the scent of Amazing Grace and this moisturizer smells incredible and feels like silk. 
If you like Amazing Grace, you will love this!
Love this toner!!!
Defiantly will be repurchasing this product.
 I will probably buy again, but I hope I don't lose it before I use it up. 
 It's kind of expensive!
 Worth the splurge in my opinion !
  I love this. 
  I am in love with this product.
 Great Product! 
 Lovely facial toner. 
 This stuff is awesome.
 I just love the spray，
  I rave about this product to my family and friends non stop.
  I tried the sample and just loved it! 
   I loved the way it made my skin feel, and I enjoyed the smell.
Will definitely buy it again.
  This is a must in my makeup kit!
First and foremost my clients love it
can't wait to buy the full product! 
It works awesome.
Better than I imagined!
I have loved the Rose Face Mask for years. 
I reccommend this product to anyone!!!
 I plan buy another one after finish using this toner. 
  I would recommend this product.
This is a really great product!
Well worth the investment.
Worth the price!
Absolutely love this eye dream! 
This rose hydrating eye gel cream is amazing, Recommend it to everyone!
I absolutely adore this stuff! 
 It truly works wonders!
I have been using the Rose Marigold Water as a toner in the am only and I am so happy I decided to try this. 
I'll buy it again and again.
Nothing beats Anastasia when it comes to brows and the Brow Wiz is simple to use and saves time in my morning routine.
A favorite when we travel. 
Love the stuff!
I would purchase again and again! I think it creates a gorgeous, natural look that can easily be built up to bolder brows. 
This works like a dream. 
 This product is pricey, but it is completely worth it. 
LOVE IT!
 i absolutely love this gel cream!! 
 I'd really recommend this and I'm planning to buy a full size jar soon.
 Best eye cream I've ever owned.
 My absolute favorite product of this year.
 This eye cream is my all time favorite.
 This is heavenly.
  This is definitely an A++ product that will be purchasing the full size soon and possibly the entire FRESH Rose Line !
  I am in love with this product.
I love, love, love this eye cream!!! 
 I'm very happy with this purchase! 
 I was so pleased.