 I tried all 3 and packed on the color and could not notice anything at all.
I thought it would be silky to spread on face but instead it was hard to do. 
It felt more tacky. 
I don't understand how people could put this glittery catastrophe on their face! 
 I am relatively fair (lancome Ivoire 140) and unfortunately all the shades were a tad too dark for me. 
 They blended nicely and had a great luminescent quality.
 owever if you don't like a shiny/dewy/glowy finish or are more on the fair side this may not be for you
Either the product didn't show at all either it went in my pores or did some kind of weird line as I apply it on my cheek bones.
However, the scent is so faint that I would hesitate to even label this product as scented!
I thought I could learn to like the smell, but I can't. 
It's just awful in my opinion. I also haven't seen any firming or much skin softening, but that is probably because I have not been able to use the product as much as I would have liked to because of the smell.
 The faint smell that I can pick up reminds me of a standard cheap complementary hotel "body lotion". 
Use it, noticed barely nothing - watched tutorials online and still no big deal. 
They made my skin oily within 1-2 hours. 
May be, the hype made me have higher expectations from this product,
Don't get me wrong it does look pleasing to the eye BUT its totally wrong everywhere else.
Very sticky and did not completely remove makeup. 
Has an awful taste if you get it anywhere near your lips. 
Also, did not take off any mascara. 
Its not my holy grail and I wouldn't repurchasere (only because its $60) but I do like it.
Only downside is that if you have ANY dry spots, they will stand out like crazy. 
I unfortunately tend to get blemishes on my chin ( I'm constantly touching that area moving my mask around at work) and this emphasizes those areas when the blemish is drying up. 
It has pretty much the WORST flash back ever so I strongly don't recommend wearing this if you're going to be taking pictures , has a powdery finish it gets less powdery throughout the day but when freshly applied it looked like I had dusted powder all over like it didn't look natural for awhile until it blended with my natural oils. 
 Consistency is weird, smell is terrible, but I could get over all of that if there was something to it. 
 Very slimy with a horrible smell to it. 
 Didn't stay on well and left blotches of red all over my face and itchy. 
 Had to re-cleanse my face and the redness lasted overnight. 
There was enough in the sample packet for 2 or 3 applications but I couldn't even use it once. 
I had to wash it off before the 5 minutes were up because it smelled like rotting veg.
It is very disappointing that this mask doesn't do anything but nice calming scented. 
Does not tone, hydrate the skin (as it claims) or any noticeable changes. 
I've been keep giving it other then another try because I addicted to its smell....

  I've tried it three times now, and after taking it off, my skin feel exactly the same. 
  If anything, my skin was slightly dryer after using it.
The little scooper that you use to get this out (wand?) is like a bubble wand..
I don't like how it doesn't have a temperature gauge but I think as long as I use a really good heat protector I should be fine. 
The concealer is good, once you get the product coming out, but pump to hard and you end up wasting product.
For the price and the hype I expected some serious luminosity, unfortunately once blended in I couldn't tell that it did anything at all. 
It blends easily and doesn't settle into lines, but I didn't see a difference in sheen or glow; I was looking for subtle but on my light skin it seems to disappear. 
I mean once you apply it, it looks okay but not even after two hours you have it on, it looks like my face is melted.
Second, the highlighter shades did not highlight anything since they looked washed out on my yellow-undertone skin. 
 the powders are barely recognizable on my face and trust me im caking it on.. and the darker colors at least on my skin are very blendable.
 The dark colors I do not mind as much, very similar to a bronzer feel, but I was extremely disappointed with the highlighter colors. 
 They were defiantly not light enough to use for a highlighter, as well, as they didn't seem to hold very well. The contour kit is a powder base matte finish, no shimmer.
 Even with only using a little bit, my face felt like I had slathered tons on. It broke me out. I would not purchase again. 
 The scent is heavenly but doesn't hypnotize me into thinking this product does enough to be "worth it" plus I'm outraged that they have rounded the price up.
 Also very disappointed that the sample size comes in glass but the full size comes in cheap plastic! 
 The big down side is the bottle itself. It doesn't come out like a fine mist but a powerful spray. It distributes unevenly and sprays so hard that the tonic streams down your face.
 I believe this is an Asian company, so it kind of makes sense, but their color palette is EXTREMELY pale... 
It was very noticable that I was wearing foundation. 
 I also hoped it would have a more dewy natural look from the "moisture" in the name but it was actually very cakey and dry. 
 The color was perfect, spot on, but the coverage wasn't there. 
 Unfortunately, it is much too moisturizing for my oily skin, which turns exceptionally greasy after a couple of hours of wear. 
  The colour turned bright orange on me, the most unnatural fluorescent colour imaginable. 
 It was not that pigmented and it did not cover hardly at all, so I returned it.
However after 2-3 hours my face would start getting oily. 
I would have to blot or touch up my face several times thoughout the day.
While I do tend to get oily most foundations hold up pretty well. 
Every time I wore this foundation, I got bad breakouts all over my chin. 
The only downside to this foundation is obviously the price! 
 The two downsides are obviously the price and limited access to this brand at Sephora's. 
 It seemed to cling to my dry spots and it did not make my skin look healthy at all.
 It made my normal skin look dry and old. 
The color 6.5 also oxidized on me and looked orange.
This foundation made my skin look like it was drenched in oil after just one hour of wear. 
 They all said something negative about it. 
 It's DOESNT have that FULL coverage look which I love and that's probably why I didn't like this foundation.
 The colour turned bright orange on me, the most unnatural fluorescent colour imaginable. NOT attractive. 
 It turns my lips the color of something appropriate for a 16 year old. Baby, icy pink. 
 The naked 2 palette isn't nearly as pigmented. 
 With the original Naked palette, even the lighter colors are very pigmented. 
I think the colors look beautiful in the pallets but once I purchased them I was shocked by the fallout and the lack of color payoff. 
I also expected a perfect pallet after paying so much for this and it is cheaply made.
I do not get the hype. 
I returned all three pallets and got some bare minerals ready quads. 
These colors lack pigment and have way to much shimmer to them. 
It doesn't seem to matter what color I use they all look the same, and I am left with shimmer all over my face. 
Also I would rather have a quad of 4 amazing contrasting colors than 12 same tone shades... learned my lesson!!!
 The price is keep getting insanely higher. 
 It was $28 a year or two ago and it's 33 now. 
I have been using the Naked2 palette for a long time now, and I can finally confidently write a review about its performance. 
I honestly don't understand how this is frequently recommended. 
The formula is not of very high quality for some reason - the eyeshadow needs to be built up a lot before you see a nice, opaque coverage. 
Furthermore, it does NOT LAST...at the end of the day, it has all worn off and/or fallen on my cheeks. 
I realize that some people love it, so hey, maybe it just isn't for me! 
I have a large Sephora palette that was half the price of this one and is SO much better!
I originally fell in love with the colors but once applied I was so dissapointed. 
The colors are sheer and do not blend well. 
They are very powdery (alot of fallout). 
Looks faded after a couple hours of wear even when wearing an eyelid primer. 
I'm still using it from time to time on lazy days so I can finally finish it. 
It was too pricey to toss. 
I wanted to get this so I could wipe my eyes clean first then wipe my face. 
I used this with a soft cotton pad and although it did take SOME of it off it didn't entirely.
The content is decent, but not as effective as the gentle remover. 
The point is that it always takes me forever to open that stupid bottle. 
I got to push that cap really hard to open it, but still end up with futility several times. 
Call me crazy but I do not like this makeup removed. 
This didn't remove my eye make up completely (only did what water could have done) and made my skin around my eyes feel very dry
Lancome makes some fantastic stuffs, but sometimes really Amazonian and Geeky
The liquid felt greasy and it did not completely remove the eyeliner. 
It was hard to remove the oily residue afterwards with my face soap as well. 
I just felt it was an Ineffecient product. 
It did not live up to expectations and it was too greasy.
Admittedly the Dior color is slightly better, but not that much better to spend $20 more in my opinion.
 Most of the colors don't show well unless you're just swatching. I'd take the Naked Basics over this any day.
 However, the product itself is not that worth the price. 
 Too oily, not moisturizing. 
 I love trying new products to indulge my face, i thought this was one of them but after using it one time for only 10 minutes its left my face red like if it has burn it or had an allergic reaction and i dont have sensitive skin.
 But it did nothing to my skin, besides that, I get this itchiness every time I apply it. 
 It didn't make my skin moisturized or produce any other positive lasting effects, but it did sting a lot.
  I put it on and within SECONDS, my face turned bright red wherever the mask had touched and my skin burned like it was on fire. 
   Price is steep, but does not provide impressive result.
 Unfortunately after repeated use, my skin broke out terribly. 
 I usually get 1 or 2 hormonal pimples during my time of the month, but I ended up with 4 large zits on the side of my face and 5 on my chin when it wasn't even my period.
  On the negative side, it caused a few breakout points so severe I had to use wound medication on them.
 Under 30 dollars, yeah it's kind of reasonable but I'm not paying 33 dollars for this lip balm.
 Looks unnatural and not sophisticated at all:-(
It seemed to cling to my dry spots and it did not make my skin look healthy at all. 
It made my normal skin look dry and old. The color 6.5 also oxidized on me and looked orange.
Great coverage and definitely silky but also settled into my fine lines and accentuated dry patches. 
The first time i used this product it was so refreshing but in a few minutes i just felt my skin so dry...
Also, since 6 years ago that i don't get acnes n my face, and after using this product, when i woke up the next morning i saw 3 Huge acness on my face. and red spots .
  This foundation is nothing special for the $$$'s. 
  In fact, I found it accentuated my fine lines where other, cheaper, foundations don't. Its a bit hard to blend too.
  I tried a couple different primers (Smashbox, Lancome, Laura Mercier) but regardless, I couldn't get enough coverage without applying more than once. 