I received a small sample of this and love the way it smells but unfortunately my skin is really dry and I don't think it will be enough to moisturize it. Most people likely don't have as dry of skin as I do though so it would be perfect for anyone else who loves the smell like I do.
eels like velvet on my skin, build-able coverage and lasts all day. 
Pros its light weight, blends beautifully, a little product goes a long way, for a serum foundation it's surprisingly not drying, it's long wearing and when it starts to wear off it doesn't get patchy or streaky, doesn't accentuate pores, doesn't break me out or clog my pores either.
Can't believe how much coverage this has and its such a think consistency, it literally is skin coloured ink! 
I have oil skin and this still gives me med/ to full coverage and lasts all day (albeit I do use a primer under it). 
I am obsessed with this foundation because it remains relatively shine-free and last through my 13 hour work day. 
I have long thick curly hair and it did in deed straighten it but left it look frizzy and puffy which I didn't like. 
I have long hair and was torn between the 1" and 2"- very happy I went with the 2" and frankly, if I cut my hair shoulder length, I'd still prefer the 2". Yes, it's expensive, but it is worth every penny.
Great for highlighting the face and I LOVE it to brighten the undereye area. 
It gives me that natural looking radiance instead of a white blotch underneath. 
I have large, deep-set eyes that benefit from a bit of lightening around the bottom to prevent the look of under eye circles, and when searching for a lightweight concealer 
I honestly didn't even need to powder the T zone for the first time ever.
This is the very best foundation I've purchased will purchase again and the color match 5.75 was right on point.
I've decided to give it a try after hearing all the skincare benefits associated with rose water, and became a total believer. 
Although it has a floral scent, it's not overwhelming, and it doesn't irritate my sensitive skin. 
Really has a gentle effect; leaves skin clean, soft, supple. 
I can't imagine this irritating any type of skin.
It smells divine and works well to clean residue, tone, clarify and retain moisture. 
The scent, a fresh floral with rose overtones that quickly dissipates, elevates my dreary winter mood. 
These two attributes alone would pose a powerful argument to keep this product in my beauty routine product rotation. 
But what has made me decide that I probably will use this as long as they will make it is the results I have noticed with my skin: soft, glowing and not dried out as with other toners. 
This is a must in my makeup kit! First and foremost my clients love it;the soft scent of roses, truly a refreshing aromatherapy. 
I've owned this 2" flatiron for 3 years now, have not had one issue with it...
Also, seconds a pick me up when you feel tired, and thirds as a refresher for hair that is not too fresh and needs a gently smell of roses between shampoo's.
It calmed my skin and did not irritate it.
This toner has done a great job in helping provide a more balanced skin tone, while also reducing redness.
 It smells lovely and doesn't dry or burn my sensitive skin like other toners.
 it smells beautiful, natural and fresh. 
 i love the moisture and glow it gives my skin. 
 Love this stuff - it has even helpted to refine my pores. 
I love how smooth and bright it keeps my skin; it's soothing and hydrating and smells wonderful.
I also use it to set my make up on days it looks cakey or when I want it to last for a long day out. 
Works excellently and leaves a dewy finish. 
You can use it to freshen up your make up during the day by spritzing it on a soft tissue and patting ur face- this absorbs the oil but also makes it look less flakey.

I even notice a nice glow on my skin since I started using it!
Love the fresh feeling sprit zing this on my face leaves.
 It is in great using when travelling long haul when you skin needs a little "boost". 
My skin is very sensitive and often has a reddness to it on the cheeks. 
This product is freshing and helps reduce my reddness. 
I find that it is best to use after washing my face just before using cream. 
It is very gentle and hydrating. 
G! It immediately gives my dry skin hydration without being harsh.
Love the light floral scent which is not overpowering.
Love the fresh feeling and the rosy smell. 
I plan buy another one after finish using this toner. 
Price is reasonable too.
I received a small sample of this and love the way it smells but unfortunately my skin is really dry and I don't think it will be enough to moisturize it. 
I've been looking my new moisturizer which is also can be firming lotion in the same time, this product gave me answer all in one with no doubt.
Philosophy's Amazing Grace scent smells so good but not overbearing at the same time. 
The scent stays on for at least 8 hours. 
I had been looking for one for a long time and tried several other brands and this is the best one I tried. 
It does a great job of balancing the ph levels in your skin while refreshing it at the same time. 
It doesn't burn or sting, and my skin feels really nice after I apply it. 
I don't really love the smell of rose, but the scent on this is so light that I actually find it quite nice.

I used to get compliments after a long 8 hour (sometimes sweaty) work day.
Most people likely don't have as dry of skin as I do though so it would be perfect for anyone else who loves the smell like I do.
It's worked ok as a moisturizer but I'm super impressed with how well it's worked at diminishing the fine lines under my eyes!
This baby glow is light but it covers like wonder. 
Perfect for a brow beginner, a bit easier to control application in comparison to dip brow pomade. Higly recommended.
I have tried quite a few brow liners and this one is by far my favorite! It matches my exact eyebrow color and looks completely natural! 
Love how my brows look, they look natural the colors they have match my brows perfect! 
I bought the coral to go with my skin tone and it sometimes it manifests a different shade on me, but each time it's great! 
I can put Dior Lip Glow on without a mirror and every time I get a great bright color that looks natural and work appropriate with no effort! 
This gives them a pink/natural moisturized look without looking made up.'
This is definitely a medium to full coverage for me.
I only needed two pumps blended like a dream on my skin. 
It also lasts all day without any touch up needed (and I have oily skin). 
I wouldn't exactly consider this product 'foundation' as it is very sheer and glowing and it only comes in three color options; however, this is a nice alternative to my foundation routine for days when one is not looking for a full-on 'face.' 
Shade 001 is one of the few foundations on the market that stays true to its color and doesn't turn orange on my very fair skin after it oxidizes. 
The tube is rather small, but it contains a surprising amount of product. 
The coverage is pretty light and It adds a nice sheen to your face. 
I will try blending this product into my matte Guerlain foundation as well to give it some 'lightness.'
This foundation lives up to the hype. 
I apply the luminous silk with a moist beauty blender.
I am a shade 3.75 this colour matches perfectly to my neck and lighter portion of my face. 
Covers redness on my cheeks, evens my skin tone and provides great coverage over my dark circles and darker eye lids. 
I am 43 years old and have oily dehydrated skin. 
This foundation does not cake, stick to dry spots or separate on my oily t-zone. 
I have tried various methods of application and find the beauty blender works best. 
This Giorgio Armani Luminous Silk Foundation has had the greatest reviews, therefore I had to have it!
I would not recommend for anyone looking for full coverage, as it is made to make your skin look healthy, not to fully cover your skin.
What I really love about it is it's NOT heavy and leaves my skin feeling and looking very luminous. 
You can layer it if you want more coverage.
It does not dry out the skin or accentuate flakiness. 
On me it has a satin finish but for people with normal skin it will probably give them a dewy look. 
This foundation looks the most natural for me, it just looks like my skin. 
Basically it feels and looks like you're not wearing foundation. 
I'd say it has medium coverage and is really easy to blend. 
It does not contain spf and does not cause flash back in pictures. 
It does not irritate my skin the way some foundations can tend to do. 
But if you have dry to normal skin and are having a hard time finding the "perfect" foundation, I highly recommend splurging on this!
It's my all time favorite liquid foundation because of how it looks dewy, natural and not cakey. 
Gives natural color and glossy texture that lasts hours. 
Non-sticky, hydrating, stays on for several hours, adds shine and a hint of pink color (which also looks pretty after the glossy part has dried up after few hrs). 
Non-irritating, non-drying, doesn't have any taste and or smell. 
Also good value - I've used mine everyday for about 2 months now!
Great for no make up days or natural look and really moisturizing.
this is incredible bc it is so moisturizing. 
The shade is like my lips but better. It feels moisturizing on the lips.
It really enhances your natural lip color. 
It lasts a few hours. 
Brings out your natural color and feels like you are only wearing Chapstick! 
I find them moisturizing and smooth in texture. 
I love that I can apply without a mirror and it's always even. 
The color seems to last as well. 
I had been looking for the perfect coral shade for a long time, since I have tanned a bit all summer and have olive/brown skin. 
I watched a bunch of youtube videos on it - which I recommend since it's pricey - and I was not disappointed. 
It isn't like a lipstick or even a gloss, but something like a stain that deposits evenly. \
Stains tend to give intense and sometimes uneven color if you don't know what you're doing. 
So this goes on smooth and enhances what you already have. 
With my naturally pink lips, it turned a lovely bright pink with a slight orange undertone. 
Decent moisture but not the best. 
However, if you keep layering the coral/orange with come out more, and if you go crazy it can get bright orange. 
Also keep in mind that the color "settles in" after a few minutes so resist the urge to put on more right away as it could get brighter and not be what you expect.
I put this on my super dry, chapped lips and within 5 mins they were soft. 
Here's what really amazes me: it is completely sheer and yet when I put it on my lips they take on a lovely, natural pink glow. 
I put it on my hand and there is zero color. 
Very balmy, hydrating and feels good on the lips. 
Gives me a perfect hint of sheer color, sort of like my lips but better which I really like. 
It soothes and protects your lips with SPF, like other balms do, but it enhances your lip color. 
This balm has a beautiful smooth feeling and the perfect color!
Even when the balm is gone there is a pretty pink stain left behind that gets more intense with continual use throughout the day.
I try to use it with a clear lip liner as I find the color spreads a little outside my lip lines .
It looks like I've just eaten cherry ices after I put this on.
I'm not big on lipsticks, I prefer a more sheer, tinted or natural lip so for me this is the perfect lippie.
Put it on my lips and they pink right up. 
 You don't even need a mirror to apply it.
great as a base under lipstick to keep lips from drying. great on its own to just enhance natural lip and give a sheer glow.
It leaves your lips so smooth and gives them a lovely pink tint. 
It's your lips but better kind of colour. 
It lasts a long time and doesn't dry out your lips. 
It is moisturizing like a lip balm, but the tint is unique. 
The color stays on for a long time and no tint comes off while eating,or even with a tissue. 
I really like how it works with your body to give you a unique colour. 
It changes into the perfect natural looking pink colour on my lips. 
Its subtle but gives my lips a nice natural looking flush.
I have used this as a date night foundation. 
After my smashbox primer water I apply this and continue. 
This lasts all night and feels really great on my skin, not oily, cakey or heavy.
I apply this with an urban decay face brush and it blends beautifully. 
I most likely will not make this an everyday makeup or wear to work foundation, but this is definitely going to continue being a staple when I am going out! 
Mine is pink color. 
This product give you a smooth texture when you apply on your lip, nice hydrating effect, and it appears natural looking to last longer.
Except the cost wise, i can't find any negative on this.
But, to me, cost verses quality and satisfied to Dior Addict Lip Glow is worthy to buy and using all the time.
Turns my lips a beautiful raspberry color!
It melts into the skin and the finish is so pretty. It's different from anything else My skin is normal but I have some redness which it conceals completely. 
I use a foundation brush to smooth it out but I hardly have to touch it at all. 
It also doesn't sink into fine lines. 
'm not sure it really has a luminous finish but I really like it anyway. 
But that's OK. I will definitely repurchase.
I have drier skin and more of a neutral undertone. 
The shade 3.5 matches me PERFECTLY. 
I've had such a hard time trying to find the perfect match for my skin, but this foundation does match. 
The skin coverage was awful and throughout the day, my skin got oily.
I really like this foundation. 
It gives you a luminous look but its not overpowering.coves fairly well and I don't feel it on my skin. 
This foundation has a medium coverage, dewy finish. 
Probably best for normal-dry skin.
I do find that without a strong primer, and setter, it will not stay on as long as I would like. 
(But I also have 14 hour workdays, so that may not be typical for most people. 
I find that it lasts around 6 hours without either of those. No touchups.)
I would not recommend setting this with a powder. 
If you don't want the dewy finish, what's the point of buying a luminous foundation?
The coverage is buildable to a point. 
I find that applying with a brush (I like the Sephora Pro Brush #56), then stippling on additional coverage with a Beauty Blender works best for a medium-full coverage.
The silky texture, coverage, and radiant look make this one of my favorite foundations ever.
This gives me more luminosity than the NARS Weighless, which just made my skin look dry. 
It's more medium coverage at first, but it's buildable and leaves a nice dewy finish.
The color fits really well for my Asian skin, and it's really smooth and creamy for easy application. 
It provided lasting coverage from 6 am when I got ready for a wedding until 2 am past the after party. 
I did get a bit of a shine after 11 pm, but I fixed that with a little Philosophy Total Matteness.
For me it lasts pretty much all day but I also use a setting spray. 
When I first applied this foundation I absolutely loved it! It looked so amazing on my skin and my face glowed.
 Also, a good primer underneath will make it even more incredible.