Wanted to love this foundation but couldn't get into it. 
It's weird. The foundation itself is okay but not great -- for the price, I definitely want it to be fabulous.
Nothing worked for me. 
I was so disappointed that I return it.
 Returned it within few days!
 These powders literally do nothing for me. 
  I tried SO hard to find the love for this palette but nothing.
Not worth it.
There was no such thing as a GLOW, 
I can't understand the big hype with this. 
They just don't do anything.
But for my hair it didn't do well.
I wish I could say that I loved it and it was awesome but I really can't. 
This is nothing special, it looked caky on me and did not blend very well on me. 
I could just use brown eye shadow to contour and it works better than this stuff for way cheaper. 
I was one of those super excited people dying for this to be released. After multiple tries of using this, i don't like it.
This product was not for me.
This does not show up on my skin,
Maybe I got a bad batch or something. 
I don't like it. 
I don't know it's kind of expensive for what it is :(
I actually give this a 0 of 5 but as sephoras standards for calculating are set I must pick 1 to have the comment posted.
I may be one of the few people who found these powders useless. 
 but seriously this is Over priced, over rated product.
It's pretty when you swatch it on your hand but when it's on your face you can't notice anything... 
Returning it asap 
I had to take back.
You're better off just using a personal bronzer and highlighter of your choice vs. paying the money for low pigmented powder.
Where do I begin this kit is just not worth the hype and hoopla people have made it out to be. 
I was very disappointed. 
Is zero stars an option?
This palette did not live up to the hype.
Not worth your money! This was my first contouring kit and I am not impressed.
I was about to buy this but good thing I didn't. 
I don't like the smell. Feels light weight. Can't tell if it did anything for me. Didn't notice anything different.
I really wanted to like this but it just did not work for me. 
Refusing to repurchase this til they drop the price!!!
It's like spraying plain old water on your face.
 I did not like the look of the foundation on my skin. 
 I looked pasty and dehydrated, not flattering at all. 
 I don't mind paying what I consider a higher price tag ($60) but it's got to right and this just wasn't right for me.
It made my skin red and irritated. Not for sensitive or problem skin. Hate it.
 I don't feel like it's worth the price.
 I'm a Fresh loyalist, but this is just sort of a waste of time to me. 
 I wanted to love this floral rose toner, but after a week of using it, I felt a stinging on my face and using this led to breakouts. 
 In my opinion, this is highly overpriced and a waste of money. 
 I could go to my local supermarket and get good quality rose water and mix it with filtered water to make my own spray similar to this.
 I used this till it ran out. Noticed absoultly no results. 
It seems like they put more money into the packaging instead of the ingredients. 
This "toner" should just list water & dehydrated rose petals. That's all it is practically.
 It makes me worried to try other products by this brand. 
 The worst toner I have ever used. 
 I have combination skin and this toner really dries out my face no matter how many times I sprayed on it, even they said it is alcohol free.
 Not for my oily skin, it brakes me out badly.
 this toner is not moisturizing at all. it dries very fast. will not buy again
 I ended up taking this back because I did not felt as though it did much for me and for $38 it better do something other than smell beautiful.
 So many hydrating sprays on the market an I would rank this near the bottom.
I was not very happy with this product. I returned it and got the wiz brow and its better.
this was recommended by a good friend that loves this product, however, it's not for me! did not like that way it looked after applying it. 
I'm assuming one needs to be a pro using this product, not only for color choosing, but also for application. 
I didn't look very good with this.
I looked downright FAKE. 
Not as natural as I was hoping. 
 It was absolutely awful.
 NOT attractive. 
 I did not think that this was a great foundation, especially for the price.
Just a hype! 
Not a very good palette. 
Not enough matte colors.
When I use it, the makeup smears all around my eye and I would have to rub and rub and still take a second cotton ball with the remover to remove completely. 
I was very disappointed with this product. 
I bought it based on the other reviews. 
However, I did not find it to remove eye make-up any better than a much cheaper drug store brand.
This is not strong enough to remove my long lasting eye makeup and I hate that I have to keep rubbing.
The shimmer/glitter colors just don't work for me.
Gloss has an unpleasant smell!!
 My skin does not like this foundation. 
I really wanted to love it too. 
I will never buy this again, or recommend it either.
Every time I wore this foundation, I got bad breakouts all over my chin. 
I normally do not have sensitive skin AT ALL. 
I rarely get a single pimple. 
I do not recommend this foundation for combination to oily skin types.
I was excited to get this product given all the great reviews but terribly disappointed. 
This product is overrated and not suited for dark skin。
Not for me. I
 really wanted to like it, but I wasn't a fan of the colors on. 
 I didn't think the shadows were the best quality either.
This palette is overhyped, and a waste. 
It was absolutely awful. I will never buy this again, or recommend it either.
My skin does not like this foundation. 
I really wanted to love it too. 
I hate this foundation.
This is the worst lipstick I have ever had.
A real disappointment.
I did not like this at all. 
 THIS CC CREAM DID NOTHING FOR MY FACE!
 Did not like at all and returned.
Bad！
A waste of my money! 
THAT'S NOT OK. 
Waste of money and dries my under eye area like crazy. 
Heads up, if you wear glasses this concealer is a big no no.
I was sadly disappointed.
I didn't like this stuff. 
Might be better for blemish concealing as it is very thick.
Horrible product ! 
Disappointed.
The powder was useless. 
After 3 tries I returned it
Not worth
No recommend
Very disappointing.
Just not for me. 
Would not be purchasing again.
I love Jose Maran's products, but this one wasn't for me.
So expensive and now what.
 I know it says it's non-comedogenic but it does not agree with me. 
 Be careful if you've had similar experiences.
Not good.
Terrible!
Got this as a sample and was LESS than impressed. 
 There are much better masks on the market for less.
 This mask just...doesn't do anything. 
 I didn't see a change in my skin at all.
 Couldn't get beyond it. 
 I would say even my moisturizer lotion I put onto my face would work better than it! 
Waste your money!
   There are a lot of good hydrating masks out there, don't bother with this one.
While I have liked several Maren product, the cleansing oil is heavy and does not remove eye make-up. 
 Anyway, I would not like to purchase again.
 Truly, I don't get this product.
 Too bad....
 I probably won't purchase anything with a fragrance online anymore after this experience unless I have a sample first!
 I was very disappointed! 
 Fresh is a decent line, but I would never buy this.
 It did nothing.
 it didn't do anything to my skin.
For the price, it just wasn't worth it.
It was overall unimpressive.
These colors are bronzer colors, NOT contour colors.
I bought the N light palette, horrible.
i really do not like this product.
It does nothing. 
Hope, they will work the formula out in the future..
Disappointed.
Highly disappointing. 
Will return. 
At the end of the day, it broke down. 
It was horrible!! 
Returned it!
This concealer did nothing for me; 
Not worth the money. 
After seeing this on TV i thought i would give it a try but was sadly dissappointed.
Do not recommend.
